Revise indexes subsections (#1896)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/reference_lua/box_space/create_index.rst

* :ref:`Creating an index using field names instead of field numbers <box_space-field_names>`
* :ref:`Creating an index using the path option for map fields (JSON-path indexes) <box_space-path>`
* :ref:`Creating an index using the path option with [*] <box_space-path_multikey>`

> * :ref:`Creating a functional index <box_space-index_func>`

Reviewer: consistency is good )

        ..  code-block:: tarantoolsession

>             tarantool> my_space = box.schema.space.create('tester')

Reviewer: these variable name are much better than short ones

If the index type is TREE, and the index is not the primary index,
then the ``parts={...}`` clause may include ``is_nullable=true`` or
``is_nullable=false`` (the default).

If ``is_nullable`` is true, then it is legal to insert ``nil`` or an equivalent
such as ``msgpack.NULL``.
It is also legal to insert nothing at all when using trailing nullable fields.

> Within indexes, such "null values" are always treated as equal to other null

Reviewer 2: Maybe `"null values"` -> `"null" values`?

Reviewer: Or just null values, without quotes. We don't use quotes in the next three usages in the same paragraph.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To create an index for a field that is a map (a path string and a scalar value),
specify the path string during index creation, like this:

..  cssclass:: highlight
..  parsed-literal::

    :extsamp:`parts = {{*{field-number}*}, {*{'data-type'}*}, path = {*{'path-name'}*}}`

> The index type must be ``tree`` or ``hash`` and the contents of the field

Reviewer: Sometimes we call it `tree`, in other cases — TREE. Is there a difference?

Author: no, they are equal

must always be maps with the same path.

**Example 1 -- The simplest use of path:**

..  code-block:: tarantoolsession

    tarantool> box.schema.space.create('T')
    tarantool> box.space.T:create_index('I',{parts = {{field = 1, type = 'scalar', path = 'age'}}})
    tarantool> box.space.T:insert({{age = 44}})
    tarantool> box.space.T:select(44)
    ---
    - [{'age': 44}]

**Example 2 -- path plus format() plus JSON syntax to add clarity:**

..  code-block:: lua

    tarantool> my_space = box.schema.space.create('T')
    tarantool> format = {{'id', 'unsigned'}, {'data', 'map'}}
    tarantool> my_space:format(format)
    tarantool> parts = {{'data.FIO["firstname"]', 'str'}, {'data.FIO["surname"]', 'str'}}
    tarantool> my_index = my_space:create_index('info', {parts = parts})
    tarantool> my_space:insert({1, {FIO = {firstname = 'Ahmed', surname = 'Xi'}}})
    ---
    - [1, {'FIO': {'surname': 'Xi', 'firstname': 'Ahmed'}}]

**Note re storage engine:** vinyl supports only the TREE index type, and vinyl
secondary indexes must be created before tuples are inserted.

.. _box_space-path_multikey:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Creating a multikey index using the path option with wildcard [*]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a multikey index using the path option with array index placeholder [*]
```

Later we explicitly say that `[*]` is called a placeholder

Reviewer: `*` is a wildcard in some common sence. Indeed, here we have a very specific meaning for it. There's no need to add another term which we will never use again in this document.

Author: maybe it's better to omit it here at all? The heading becomes too long

Functional indexes are useful for condensing or truncating or reversing or
any other way that users want to customize the index.

> There are several recommendations on building functional indexes:

Reviewer: indent :)

* The function definition must expect a tuple, which has the contents of
  fields at the time a data-change request happens, and must return a tuple,
  which has the contents that will actually be put in the index.

* The ``create_index`` definition must include specification of all key parts,
  and the custom function must return a table which has the same number of key
  parts with the same types.

> * The space must have a memtx engine.

Reviewer: would a link to memtx page be useful here?

> * The function must be persistent and deterministic

Reviewer: this link seems useful, good job )
